Added `save_format` to `config.json` and `hub_utils.init()` (#242)
skops-dev/skops: docs/changes.rst

- :func:`.io.dump` and :func:`.io.load` now work with file like objects,
  which means you can use them with the ``with open(...) as f: dump(obj, f)``
  pattern, like you'd do with ``pickle``. :pr:`234` by `Benjamin Bossan`_.

> - Add `model_format` argument to :meth:`skops.hub_utils.init` to write it
>   as a section to `config.json`. :pr:`242`by `Merve Noyan`_.

Reviewer: Could be more descriptive, more like:

```suggestion
- Add `model_format` argument to :meth:`skops.hub_utils.init` to be stored in
  `config.json` so that we know how to load a model from the repository.
  :pr:`242` by `Merve Noyan`_.
```

  pattern, like you'd do with ``pickle``. :pr:`234` by `Benjamin Bossan`_.
- All `scikit-learn` estimators are trusted by default.
  :pr:`237` by :user:`Edoardo Abati <EdAbati>`.
- Add `model_format` argument to :meth:`skops.hub_utils.init` to be stored in
  `config.json` so that we know how to load a model from the repository.

>   :pr:`242` by `Merve Noyan`_.

Reviewer: what do you suggest here @BenjaminBossan

>   :pr:`242` by `Merve Noyan`_.

Reviewer 2: It's not a blocker, so feel free to merge.

Maybe something like:

> Add `model_format` argument to :meth:`skops.hub_utils.init` to be stored in
  `config.json`, which is used to determine the format of the model file
  (pickle or skops).

- Add :meth:`skops.hub_utils.get_model_output` to get the model's output using
  The Hugging Face Hub's inference API, and return an array with the outputs.
  :pr:`105` by `Adrin Jalali`_.
- Add `model_format` argument to :meth:`skops.hub_utils.init` to write it

>   as a section to `config.json`. :pr:`242`by `Merve Noyan`_.

Reviewer: this should go to v0.4 section.
